{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["Good way of holding your body.", "Balanced food.", "Right body weight.", "All of the above."], ["tiredness,boredom and weakness", "lack of energy", "careless and poor health habits", "overworking and illness"], ["Vegetables,meat and water only.", "A suitable quantity of each kind of food.", "Fats being part of diet.", "Various foods included in the diet."], ["to lose weight you had better eat properly for daily meals", "the most effective way to lose weight is to have no fat and sweet", "even vegetables can make you put on weight , so there is no need to have fat and sweet.", "a shorter life is a sure result of overweight"]], "questions": ["According to this passage, which of the following is suggested about the good health habits?", "According to this passage,bad posture is most probably caused by  _  .", "Which of the following eating habits is NOT proper in terms of maintaining good health?", "We can infer from the statement \"all foods can make a person fat if too much is eaten\" that  _  ."], "article": "Good posture certainly shows good health. It also adds to a body's energy and beauty. The body is not handsome when the back is bent and neck thrusts forward. Bad posture suggests the impression that a person is tired,lacking in energy,bored,or weak. Tiredness may sometimes be the cause of bad posture. Most often,however,it is due to careless and poor health habits. Whatever it causes,bad posture affects one physically. The muscles are stretched and pulled into unnatural positions,which can lead to poor base of the body's various systems.\nNutrition is the study of how the body takes food and uses it. This science provides information about the kinds of food a person must eat to improve and maintain good health. Such knowledge helps him develop and form people habits to his problems of healthful living. People habits of nutrition can be developed by paying attention to:(1) the variety of food included in the diet;(2) the quality of each kind of food eaten. A diet,or the food regularly eaten,must contain all the necessary factors.\nMany physicians believe that overweight is one of the greatest dangers to good health. This condition often leads to a shorter life. An overweight person is also easier to suffer disease, and various disorders of the digestive system. A person's weight directly has something to do with the amounts of food he eats.\nAll foods can make a person fat if too much is eaten. In reducing,the safe weight loss is about two pounds a week. The sensible way to lose weight is to decrease the gaining starchy  foods,fats and sweets in the diet.", "id": "high1061.txt"}