{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["how to drive safely on the road", "different forms of seat belts", "the history of seat belt development", "the importance of seat belt use"], ["to reduce your risk of death or serious injury by 70%, you must wear a five-point seat belt while you are driving", "American physicians created lap belts for their own vehicles because they had seen many injuries caused by car accidents", "if two or more collisions occur during a serious car accident, your airbags can help reduce the risk of death by 70%", "the U.S. was the first country to require by law that car drivers and front-seat passengers wear their seat belts"], ["good humor", "admiration", "seriousness", "disapproval"], ["Seat belts were first used in airplanes and then applied to vehicles.", "Airbags, door locks, and seat belts were all designed at the same time.", "The lap belt is more modern than the 3-point safety belt.", "Buying the latest seat belts is an essential driving skill."]], "questions": ["This article mostly deals with  _  .", "We can learn from this article that   _  .", "The author treats the subject of this article with  _  .", "Which of the following statements is true?"], "article": "Many countries have passed safety laws that require seat belts in vehicles. A modern three-point seat belt, also called a safety belt, is a harness to prevent the driver or a passenger from flying forward and hitting hard against the interior of a vehicle during a collision. A modern seat belt will help to position you properly to gain maximum benefit from your car's airbags that will inflate during a collision. Using a seat belt also prevents you from being ejected   from a car into the path of oncoming traffic. Research shows that when you wear a modern seat belt, you reduce the risk of death or serious injury by 70% or more during an auto accident.\nSeat belts have existed in different forms since the early days of automobiles, and they have changed from a single lap belt to the three-point seat belt we use today. In 1911 the first airplane seat belt was installed. Then, in the 1920's they were used in racecars. By the 1930s, a group of American physicians created lap belts for their own vehicles and urged vehicle manufacturers to provide seat belts on all vehicles.\nDr. C. Hunter Shelden made a major contribution to our safety with his article in the November 5, 1955 Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). He strongly encouraged the manufacture and use of door locks, airbags, and retractable  seat belts, like the ones we use today. The modern three-point seat belt, including a lap belt and a shoulder belt, was introduced as standard equipment on Volvo cars in 1959.\nIn 1970, the state of Victoria in Australia made the wearing of a seat belt compulsory for every car driver and front-seat passenger. Today many countries have also mandated  the use of five-point safety harnesses for carefully designed child safety seats that can protect a child during a serious car accident.\nAn airbag is a Supplemental Restraint System, or SRS, and consists of a rapidly inflatable restraint cushion that works together with a seat belt to protect you during a collision. Modern cars often contain several airbags in various locations. Since airbags can only inflate once and will quickly deflate after the initial impact, they will not provide any protection for you during a secondary collision.\nThe inflation of airbag can protect or hurt you. The risk zone for a driver's airbag is the first 8 centimeters from its pre-inflation location. While driving, you should remain about 25 centimeters from the airbag in the center of the wheel. As a driver, wear your seat belt and make sure children correctly use their seat belts. Failure to wear a seat belt properly means the airbags in your car might injure or even kill you during an accident.\nAn essential part of your safe driving skills is the habit of making sure that you and each of your passengers are always properly positioned and wearing a seat belt. There are many wonderful benefits of being able to drive a car, but there are also severe consequences during an accident for anyone who chooses not to wear a seat belt.", "id": "high10807.txt"}