{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Business Travelers", "Space Tourists", "A Space Exploration", "A Frightening Adventure"], ["enjoyed his trip very much", "was too sick to eat anything in space", "suffered a lot during the trip", "didn't think the trip was worthwhile"], ["Tito was the first American tourist in space.", "Tito contributed all of his wealth to his space trip.", "Tito visited the Russian Space Station during his trip.", "Space travel has become a routine for Tito since then."], ["space travel will belong to the public instead of governments", "airplanes will some day reach the speed of space vehicles", "can will be able to circle the earth within less than an hour", "travel between two places on earth will be made through space"]], "questions": ["Which of the following might be the best title of the passage?", "According to the passage, Dennis Tito  _  .", "Which of the following statements is tree according to the passage?", "It can be expected from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Saturday 28 April, 2001: Dennis Tito was setting off on his holiday. Mr. Tito's journey was  certainly unusual! So was the transport he chose, and the price of his trip.\nThe 60-year-old multi-millionaire from New York was sitting on board a Russian spaceship.  He was on a journey to the International Space Station. It might have been a routine trip for the  two astronauts who were traveling with him, but for him it was certainly no ordinary journey.  Dennis Tito was the first tourist ever in space, and he had paid the sum of $20 million to go there.  As the spacecraft left the earth's atmosphere, Tito drank a glass of fruit juice to celebrate and  looked down at the earth's blue-green surface. Two minutes later, he was sick. Luckily it was  only a minor problem. He soon recovered, and from then on enjoyed a smooth journey. When he  arrived at the space station, there was a big smile on his face. \"A great trip!\" he commented. \"I  love space.\"\nFor a long time space travel was something for heroes. But all this is going to change.  Companies like ProSpace are investing large amounts of money in space travel. They want space  and space travel to belong to the public, not just governments. There are other plans, like voyages  through space from one side of the world to the other. Maybe we will be able to depart from New  York at nine o'clock in the morning, and arrive an hour later-- in Tokyo! Such a schedule would  allow the business traveler to return to New York on the same day, and still have eight hours for a  meeting!", "id": "high11154.txt"}