{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["she thought the lady was too busy", "she would make them as thanks to her", "they had had an agreement before", "she thought she should do something for the lady at the special time"], ["my grandmother will get something in return", "my grandmother has a secret way of living", "my grandmother does everything on careful consideration", "few people are as generous as my grandmother now"], ["My grandfather does not treat women in an unfair way", "My grandmother cares for her children even some strangers.", "This is a family in which there are nearly 30 people now.", "My grandmother never keeps everything for herself."], ["thinks his grandmother is living a tired life", "thinks his grandmother is doing what she should do", "thinks his grandmother should not be so kind", "is proud of his grandmother"]], "questions": ["The reason why my grandmother made cookies for the lady downstairs is that   _  .", "In the writer's opinion,   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "We may infer from the text that the writer   _  ."], "article": "I went over my grandmother's house today and she didn't have time for me. You see, the lady's husband downstairs died and my Grandmother wanted to make some cookies for her. My grandmother did not analyze   how the lady treated her, or if the lady needed any cookies, or even if the lady would like the cookies. She didn't think how much the lady has done for her. She simply began baking.\nMy Grandmother turned 94 last week and this I believe is her secret to life. My grandmother is generous and hard-working in a way that is rare for our time. She lives by a simple belief: if someone needs your help, you help. Never mind all the analyzing and thinking whether the person deserves or appreciates the help. My grandmother doesn't sit around thinking about who might be making use of her: she simply does what is needed.\nAt 94, she is busy in life. She is making a blanket for a new great grandchild, and worried that I don't have enough kitchen towels for my home. She is bringing soup to a sick neighbor, and teaching the new wife of her cousin (who is 88) how to cook Italian food.\nMy grandmother had every right to give up, but she didn't -- and amazingly life did bring her good things, like a husband with twinkling blue eyes who was much ahead of his time and believed that men should do an equal amount of cooking and cleaning in the home, three beautiful children (my father and two aunts), 22 grandchildren, and five great grandchildren. My grandmother is not afraid to give someone she barely knows a bowl of soup. She never keeps herself out of the world.", "id": "high11358.txt"}