{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["learning English on Internet", "teaching yourself English", "the history of English", "English broadcast on TV or over the radio"], ["only in this way one can learn the language well", "people don' t have to pay", "the learners can have a face to face study of courses with the teachers", "it makes learning easier and more interesting"], ["English is the only useful language on the Internet.", "The Internet can provide people with the cultural information they need.", "At http://www. Englishtown. com, people can study and play.", "One can find a pen-friend on http://www.Englishtown. com."], ["show us some of the web sites on which sell books", "tell us how to use the Internet", "tell us where to get the CD - ROMS we need", "show us some of the web sites on which English is taught"]], "questions": ["Cyber English probably means\"  \".", "English on - line interests a lot of people because     .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "The omitted  part of the passage might  ."], "article": "There are new and exciting ways to use the Internet to learn English while you are on - line. The Internet uses a lot of multimedia elements  ,like words, sounds, pictures, animations and video. This is perfect for studying a language because you've got to see, hear, and repeat things as much as you like. Learning over the Internet is also funny because you can be a part of conversations happening all around the globe ! Special Internet sites are designed for people learning English, just like yourself. These sites use multimedia to help you learn and are a great way to meet other people around the world. This is Cyber English.\nOn the Internet, English is the major language. As a result, it is now more important than ever to  be able to understand English when you serve the web. It is not always easy,though. The English can be difficult or have a lot of cultural information that you have never seen !\nOne site for students studying English and their teachers is Englishtown. At http://www. english- town. com, you will find a community ( group) of people interested in learning English. There are several buildings in the virtual  town where you can play games, chat with friends, ask and get answers about cultural questions, and find an international penfriend who shares your interests. There are extra resources to help you learn,such as multimedia CD - ROM and books for language learning and translation. You can also have daily and monthly English lessons delivered to your own  e - mail address. There is even an on - line school where you can take English classes over Lhe Internet. Englishtown is the perfect place to prefect for a trip to England or the United States ! Would you like to become part of a virtual community of English sfH-aktrs : Surfing the web is not only funny but can also help improve your English ! Try out >ome of tlv, web sites listed below and see how students all over the world are learning English on line.", "id": "high11879.txt"}