{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["make the cup smell delicious", "prevent the heat giving off soon", "help the cup look beautiful", "keep the biscuit tasting soft"], ["Promote it by adding different scents.", "Sell it at a lower price in the US first.", "Invite customers to eat it for free.", "Test it in the market in small quantities."], ["The cup not only tastes good but also smells delicious.", "The cup is developed with the help of The Robin Collective", "Customers all over the world can soon try the edible cup.", "The cup is made from biscuit, sugar paper and chocolate."], ["KFC's new product---Edible coffee cups", "A new treat---Coffee cups and positive memories", "Coffee cups made from biscuits and chocolate", "The development of KFC company in the UK"]], "questions": ["The cup is lined with a layer of white chocolate to  _  .", "What does KFC do with the new product in its trial stage?", "Which statement is NOT true according to the passage?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "If you're not a fan of KFC's famous Double Down hot dog, don't worry! KFC in the UK is developing a new treat: an edible coffee cup.\nThe product is still in the trial stage and not yet available for purchase, but according to a KFC news report, the treat is made from a unique biscuit, wrapped in sugar paper, and lined with a layer of heat-resistant white chocolate, which helps keep the coffee hot. As you drink the coffee in the cup, the white chocolate lining will begin to melt slowly, and the biscuit begins to soften.\nBut it doesn't end there --- the cups are not only edible, they also have a pleasant smell. KFC partnered with The Robin Collective, an experimental food company, to make the cups with coconut sun cream, freshly cut grass and wild flowers scents. According to the news report, that's because the scents arouse the positive memories we associate with warm weather, sunshine and summer holidays. Sounds ... delicious?\nA manager at KFC said, \"We have been experimenting with the edible packaging in limited quantities to see if it could be a popular product in the market. We believe if our customers occasionally like to have their cake and eat it, why wouldn't they want to have their cup and eat it instead! \"\nThe edible cups will only be available in the UK when it comes out. According to a spokesperson for KFC, there are at present no plans to bring it to the U.S. yet.", "id": "high12002.txt"}