{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["the world population is growing up.", "there will be more wars about water.", "people don't have efficient management of the water industry.", "water services will be provided only by private companies."], ["raising the price of water.", "reducing water pollution.", "changing the management of the water industry.", "opening more private companies for water services."], ["Paying less money for water", "Buying more water for future use.", "Using different water for different usages.", "Using as little water as possible in cooking."], ["Save water and save money", "Easy ways to cut down on your water usage", "Why you should teach your children to save water", "Water is our precious resource--start to save it now"]], "questions": ["Water shortage is getting more serious because   _  .", "Britain has improved their water quality by   _  .", "Which is the author's suggestion for us?", "Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "We always read reports about costs of oil going up and we will think this is our most valuable material. However, water is the most valuable resource . People in the Middle East are more worried about this than oil. Maybe the next war will be about water.\nIn the future, to control the quality and quantity , you will use different water for different usages. The water used to wash your car, water your flowers or wash your clothes doesn't need to be as clean as the water you drink.\nOne in five people live in countries without enough fresh water and in 25 years, the number is believed to be one in every three people. Our world population is increasing. What do you suppose this will suggest for us in the future? Population control?\nTraditional management of the water industry has been out of date since the 1990s. When technologies develop so rapidly in the world, we have loads of information for technologies in the business world, but in the water industry we don't have any.\nBritain and France have already taken measures to successfully improve their water industries. All the water services in Britain have been provided by private  companies since 1991. Since then, improvement has been made in the rules for their water quality and pricing.\nWhat can you do now for the future? Using water more efficiently  in your house can make a great difference not only to the world but to your money. Even if you don't have to pay much now, you will when you start to pay big prices for different water usages.", "id": "high12073.txt"}