{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["They enjoy investing time and efforts.", "They are not easy to satisfy.", "They have special ways of handling emails.", "They set high requirements for others."], ["better coworkers", "bigger achievements", "higher efficiency", "less organization skills"], ["showing psychological sickness", "realizing their own value", "wasting time and energy", "improving their selfimage"], ["It's very normal to always do one's best in life.", "Perfectionists should seek help as soon as possible.", "Perfectionists should not be too proud of themselves.", "People should not pursue perfection too much."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of perfectionists?", "Clients who are not satisfied with perfectionists think they need   _  .", "To perfectionists, their obsession with perfection is an act of   _  .", "Which of the following will the author probably agree?"], "article": "Perfectionists believe that not only is perfection achievable, but that it should be achieved whenever possible. They always try to make their work better, and often get pleasure from investing time and effort in their projects. They enjoy paying attention to detail and are often hard to please. After all, perfectionists almost always have nearlyimpossible standards for themselves, much higher than what outside parties would generally hope for.\nMost perfectionists are also highlyorganized. They've perfected their work process along with everything else in their life. They have processes and patterns for handling almost anything that comes their way, from email to new projects and clients to bookkeeping. It can definitely add up to a more effective workday with less wasted time and effort.\nPerfectionists can be thought of as overbearing  by those who don't share their attitude. It can also be upsetting to clients who aren't interested in \"perfect\" and simply want their project done yesterday. When you strive for perfection, everything takes just a bit longer to get right. Even if you have a more efficient design and development process than many other designers, it is likely that you spend more time on each step than a lot of others do.\nWhile most people who call themselves \"perfectionists\" do so in a lighthearted or positive manner, there are those out there to whom perfection becomes an obsession . They consider anything less than perfect completely unacceptable. This can lead to obsessive behavior and can have damaging effects on their overall quality of life. Just feeling good about a job done to the best of your ability is entirely normal for a perfectionists and isn't something to worry about. But it becomes particularly dangerous when perfectionists feel they are never quite able to attain perfection, and so drive themselves crazy trying to always reach this unattainable goal.\nThese perfectionists often place their entire selfworth on their accomplishments and ability to reach perfection, and since they're never able to reach it, it creates a very negative selfimage and low selfesteem or depression. The good news is that there are trained psychologists who can help those who are nervously obsessed with perfection to overcome their obsession.", "id": "high12191.txt"}