{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["An accompanying app.", "A necklace", "Computer keyboard.", "A remote control"], ["improves your posture and suggests exercises", "exercise your neck and does office jobs", "alerts you to health risk and records your activity", "counts your steps and addresses neck pain"], ["The Fineck takes an hour to charge and is available at any time.", "Movie stars like to wear necklace made of silicone to match their clothes.", "The device count the steps to help wearers to see their bad habits.", "Neck-ache is something caused by using computers too much."], ["actually not cause allergic reactions.", "enrich your life by providing \"neck training\" games", "monitor a wearer's movement due to the material it is made of", "help to correct your improper postures"]], "questions": ["What helps the Fineck device to deal with neck pain?", "Besides allowing people to set goals, the iOS app also  _  .", "Which of the following statements is true?", "We can infer from the passage that the Fineck device will  _  ."], "article": "The vast majority of fitness trackers count your steps and are worn around the wrist, but now there's a device that's designed to be worn like a necklace and monitors tiny movements to improve your posture.\nThe Fineck device aims to address neck pain by tracking tiny movement, spotting bad habits and suggesting exercises via an accompanying app. Made from silicone and titanium , Fineck monitors a wearer's movement, balance, posture and movement thanks to sensors inside. The Mountain View California-based firm says that a high percentage of people suffer from neck pain and associated problems, probably caused by more individuals doing office jobs, which generally involve leaning over computer keyboard.\nThe device contains sensors, several different types of instruments to monitor movement, plus a monitor to shake. It connects to an IOS app via Bluetooth so that wearers can see their bad habits and play \"neck training\" games. The app warns of health risks and records a user's activity to build up a customer personal health description. The necklace shakes to give smart advice, such as reminding wearers to sit up straight. The app also allows users to set goals, like many other wearables do. \"Fineck is the first wearable device for your neck that tracks your neck activity and warn you when you are in a bad posture for too long. You can also exercise your neck with Fineck's interactive games.\" The company writes on Kickstarter. \"No matter where you are and what you are doing at office, on the go, or simply just feeling bored, Fineck will bring you enriched exercise experience through motion sensing games and therapies.\"\nIt also claims that it is \"the world's first titanium wearable device\". The metal is widely used in fashion stuff that you can wear or carry to match your clothes because it is lightweight, durable and does not tend to cause allergic reactions. It also offers additional features such as shaking to indicate alerts on a user's smartphone, but it is not currently clear whether it can also be used like bands, to count steps, and so on.\nThe Fineck has a battery life of around seven days and takes one hour to charge. It is available to pre-order via Kickstarter from $69(PS44)and is due to ship in March next year.", "id": "high12227.txt"}