{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Someone who has heart attack.", "An old man who has got flu.", "A person afraid of height", "A woman having high blood."], ["2", "3", "4", "5"], ["333 --- the height of the tower", "550 --- the number of people who work at the top of the tower", "364 --- the days that the tower is open each year", "360--- the degree of the restaurant revolves."], ["You can go to visit the tower any day you like.", "You can buy some gifts and eat as well while you are at the tower.", "You have to climb the stairs to the top of the tower to enjoy the view.", "The floor of the revolving restaurant is made of glass."]], "questions": ["Who can't visit the CN tower?", "How many titles has the Tower got?", "Which of the following number is Not agree with its description?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Only if you don't have a fear of heights do you want to visit the CN Tower. And if you can take a trip to the top of it will surely be worth it. The CN tower is Canada's most famous symbol and the centre of tourism in Toronto.\nOver 550 meters, it is one of the tallest building in the world; on a clear day the view is wonderful. Each year, around 2 million people take the elevator ride to the top of the tower to take in the breath-taking view at the top of the world. Once you are at the top, see if you have the courage to walk across the see-through glass floor .\nIf you are hungry, plan to eat at the revolving restaurant at the top of the tower. The floor in the 360-degree restaurant rotates once every 72 minutes allowing everyone a complete view of the city below. The CN tower has broken record many times, winning such titles as World's Longest Metal staircase ,World's Tallest building and , most recently , World's Highest Wine Cellar. In 1995, the CN tower was considered as one of the seven wonders of the Modern World.\nToday, the top of the tower, more than 333m in the air, serves as the year-round workplace for more than 550 people. The tower's workers help to make the world-class attractions and food there.\nWhile at the CN tower, you'll also have the chance to visit gift shops. You will find the CN Tower in the heart of downtown, on Front Street. On the north shore of Lake Ontario, the CN Tower is open 364 days a year(closed on Christmas Day).", "id": "high12235.txt"}