{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Confident", "Foolish", "Doubtful", "Childish"], ["search his fortune there", "find more about his mother", "look for his grandparents there", "find more about this wonderful place"], ["The author writes this passage to honor his mother.", "The author decides to learn taking photos in Australia.", "The author had a good time when his mother was still alive.", "The author didn't like to live with his father after his mother died."], ["In America.", "In Australia.", "At home", "On the Plane"]], "questions": ["How did the author feel when he was on the plane?", "The author traveled to Australia alone mainly because he wanted to  _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?", "Where did the author most probably write this passage?"], "article": "I'll be a photographer. I'm going to bring bits of Australia back home with me. I told myself this before, yet I feel so doubtful on this plane that's flying me thousands of miles away. I was so confident yesterday .But today I don't belong to this plane where men sit with briefcases reading newspapers. They're all adults.\nI've never been out of the US. And now ,I'm traveling into Australia alone, a world I know nothing about. A part of me recognizes it as home.\nI remember little about my mother, but I remember she had an Australian accent and golden hair. She wan fun and she would often take us to New Jersey beaches, where we would spend the whole day taking walks along the shore. My mom told me that in Australia, Christmas was always spent on the beach with friends and family, and everyone wore Santa hat with their bathing suits. It never got cold and bitter there. My mom was different and I was proud of her.\nI don't know how she met my father. but after they met several years, they got married and moved into an apartment in New Jersey. Then I was born and we were a perfect family of three who went out to dinner and watched movies in the dark and loved each other.\nI know things have been hard on my father since my Mom died years ago. It's hard for me, too, and I have to experience the wonderful place my mom grew up in and loved. My mom talked about Australia so much and now I have to see this place.\nThis is an adventure.", "id": "high12480.txt"}