{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["wouldn't get extra time off", "would get lower pay", "would pay for her leave or she will be fired", "wouldn't get paid leave"], ["kill the national economic growth", "not be enough to relieve the workers' burden", "add more costs to doing business", "ruin companies rules"], ["it encourages parents to return to the jobs", "it will add companies' cost of training new employees", "it gives workers more economic guarantees", "it reduces employees' working time"], ["How to reform the Rules of Paid Leave in the U.S.", "Will the U.S Pay Workers for Family Leave?", "Is it Good for the U.S to Pay Workers for Family Leave?", "Why Doesn't the U.S Pay Workers for Family Leave?"]], "questions": ["If a woman in the U.S left to care for her newborn baby, she   _  .", "Tricia Baldwin opposes paid leave because it will   _  .", "Some of the lawmakers are opposed to the proposed measure to require paid leave because they think   _  .", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The United States does not require business to pay workers who are sick or caring for a new baby. President Obama and some other U.S. lawmakers want to change time-off policies. Supporters say paid leave is the right thing to do. Opponents say it will kill economic growth.\nIn 2014, the United Nations reported that Papua New Guinea  and the U.S. are the only two -- out of 185 -- countries in the world that do not offer workers paid time off to care for newborns. However, several state governments and some private businesses in the U.S. have provided the benefits for their workers.\nNot every American agrees that requiring businesses to pay workers for leave is a good idea.\nTricia Baldwin is a business woman. She is secretary and treasurer for her family's company. Her company employs 400 workers. She says giving all of them paid leave would ruin her company. Instead, Reliable Contracting gives paid leave to employees who have stayed with the company for at least five years. She says paid leave is simply another government order that adds more costs to doing business.\nPresident Obama supports paid leave for workers. Recently, he proposed a measure called the Healthy Family Act. It would allow workers to earn up to seven paid days of sick leave a year to care for themselves or family members.\nMr. Obama also wants Congress to approve a measure giving all workers six weeks of paid leave to have and care for a new baby.\nU.S. lawmakers who support the proposed measure say paid leave is good for the families and for businesses. Representative Don Beyer says paid leave is an encouragement to parents to return to the job. Mr. Beyer says training a new employee can cost a company a year's worth of income. But U.S. lawmakers who oppose the bill say they do not want to restrict businesses by requiring them to provide paid leave. They are offering a different measure. The Working Families Flexibility Act would allow employees to work extra hours and earn either time off or more pay.", "id": "high12610.txt"}