{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Weather forecasting is a way of telling what the weather will be like.", "Weather forecasting is a report about the weather.", "Weather forecasting is a sign of coming rain.", "People can change the weather forecasting."], ["clear and fine", "warm", "rainy", "cold"], ["Some birds fly high.", "A rainbow appears in the morning.", "The sunset is mostly red in colour.", "Fogs appear in the morning just above a river."], ["use our eyes and brains", "study the weather hard", "read correctly the signs", "All of the above"]], "questions": ["Which is true about weather forecasting?", "When you see the stars twinkle clearly at night, the weather will be   _  .", "Which of the following signs can tell the weather will probably be rainy?", "We must   _   to make weather forecasting."], "article": "No one can change the weather. Nobody can control the weather. But if we read correctly the signs around us, we can tell what the more important changes in the weather will be. This way of telling what the weather will be like on the following day or two is called weather forecasting .\nFor many centuries and in all countries, people have studied the weather and tried to make weather forecasting. Rings around the sun are a sign of coming rain. That many people feel their joints  hurt is a sign of wet weather. Some birds fly high if fine weather is coming, but they fly near the ground if rainy or stormy weather is on the way. If you see a rainbow during rainy weather, this is a sign that the weather will become clear and fine. Such rainbows come in the evening. If the stars twinkle clearly at night, then fine weather will continue. If a fog appears in the morning just above a river, then the day will be warm. If the sunset is mostly red in colour, then the following day will be fine. If a rainbow appears in the morning, rainy weather will probably come.\nMost of the above sayings have been made by the people who have used their eyes and brains to make weather forecasting.", "id": "high1285.txt"}