{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["that they are working in", "that belongs to the American government", "that does not actually exist", "that was once shut down"], ["It offers financial help to all students.", "It has programs in America and some other countries.", "It was organized by many rich New Yorkers.", "One of its aims is to train students to be business managers."], ["The Americans are good at enjoying their lives in many camps.", "The young Americans are living a happy life in camps.", "The Americans pay attention to developing the students' abilities.", "It is easier to organize business camps in America than other countries."], ["Summer camps for students", "Summer camps for future", "Summer camps being popular", "Summer camps in the world"]], "questions": ["In Washington Business Week, students successfully run a company  _  .", "Which of the following is True about NFTE?", "What can we conclude from the passage ?", "Which of the following is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Many young people in America go to camps when they are out of school during the summer. They are offered a chance to explore different things: nature, sports, music, technology ----even business and economy.\nOne such program for high school students in the Pacific Northwest is called Washington Business Week. The program began in 1975. Officials say forty-five thousand people have attended Washington Business Week. Other states now have similar camps.\nWashington Business Week describes itself as a way to learn more about how to plan for the future in an ever-changing economy. Students form an executive  management   team. They lead an imaginary company to financial success.\nThe camp is held at three colleges in Washington State. The high school students live in the college housing. The cost of the camp is almost three hundred dollars, but families can receive financial assistance .\nSome business camps are free. These are for students from poor areas. The National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE) is an organization based in New York City that supports such camps. It has programs around the United States and its Web site lists international partners in China, Tanzania and a few other countries. NFTE says it has served more than one hundred thousand young people since 1987.\nAmong other business camps is Camp C.E.O.. C.E.O is an chief executive officer. And this camp is for girls only. Camp C.E.O. is supported by the Girl Scouts of America and takes place for one week each summer.\nThe camp took place last month in Tennessee. The girls worked with successful businesswomen\nfrom different industries. The girls learned how to build a business and develop an idea into a product. And, we imagine, they also had some fun.", "id": "high13.txt"}