{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["speak out open-heartedly", "tell him some stories about themselves", "make up some stories about themselves", "say something good to him"], ["honest and kind", "hardworking and determined", "brave and helpful", "kind and loyal"], ["She got angry at what the teacher had done.", "She didn't want the others to know her unluckiness.", "She didn't know the teacher's kindness to her.", "She may have found a better school."], ["The teacher asked her students to read the little girl's article by themselves.", "The little girl's father died of a traffic accident.", "The little girl's classmates were willing to help her.", "The little girl's mother blamed her for her writing."]], "questions": ["The author asked his students to write about their families because he wanted them to   _  .", "What do you think about the girl? She is   _  .", "What do you think is the main reason for the girl to leave the next day?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "As a teacher, I always think it right to teach my students to write about their true feelings and real experiences. But once I was puzzled about this.\nAfter explaining a text one day, I asked my students to write a passage about their families. All the students wrote quite well but the best of them all was the one written by a small girl. I was deeply touched by it. The girl's father had died years before and her mother had to work hard to support the family. Many times she had seen her mother working deep into the night but never seen tears on her face. Like her mother this girl also works hard at her lessons and she is really good at any of them. I even didn't know anything about her unlucky family. She always appears happy every day so she is really liked by us all, both the students and teachers.\nIn order to make her an example to the class, I read this passage to the class. When I finished reading it I found my throat _ and my students' eyes full of tears. Some of them even wept in a low voice. After the class nearly all my other students wanted to hand in their pocket money for the daily use to help this girl. To tell you the truth, I was really proud of my students.\nBut to my disappointment, this student of mine left the class even without telling me the next day. I don't know the reason why, can you tell me?", "id": "high1306.txt"}