{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["stubborn and devoted", "impatient and strict", "enthusiastic and hardworking", "honest and responsible"], ["Learning piano was too difficult for her.", "Life was unfair to her.", "She would try her best to learn piano.", "Her mother didn't love her any more."], ["1985", "1992", "2008", "2007"], ["A 4-finger pianist", "Love between mother and daughter", "Learning piano", "An abnormal girl"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best describe Sun?", "What was probably in Lee's mind when on the floor?", "When was Lee awarded by the president of Korea?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Lee's mother Sun became unexpectedly pregnant while married to a disabled man. Doctors told her that because of a medication she had been taking her child would not be normal. She chose to continue with the pregnancy and in 1985 in Seoul, South Korea, little Hee Ah Lee was born with only two fingers on each hand, disfigurement of her legs, and slight brain injury. The hospital told Sun that she could not care for the child at home and her relatives wanted her to place the child for adoption in a foreign country. Sun, however, thought her baby would live a successful life.\nWhen Lee was a pre-schooler, Sun wanted her daughter to take piano lessons for two reasons. One was that she felt it would help her strengthen her hands so she could hold a pencil. The other was that she felt that if she could master the piano, she could master anything. For six months piano schools turned them down and then the one teacher who did accept the task got discouraged and wanted to quit. It was a three-month contest of wills between mother and daughter that led to a conflict in which Sun actually threw her daughter on the floor in frustration. But Lee got back up on the piano bench and for the first time played a children's song. That was the turning point and one year later Lee won the grand prize in a piano concert for Kindergartners. It was at the age of 7 that Lee won Korea's 19th National Handicap Conquest Contest and was presented with her award by the President of Korea.\nLee has won numerous awards, and is a widely traveled concert pianist with more than 200 appearances. Her first album titled \"Hee-ah, a Pianist with Four Fingers\" was released in June, 2008.\nLee speaks highly of her mother for challenging her to master the piano and said that although her training was difficult, \"As time went by, the piano became my source of inspiration and my best friend.\"", "id": "high13072.txt"}