{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["He played music.", "He worked here and there.", "He stayed at home practicing his lessons.", "He read for his profession."], ["He realized that his music talent was nothing at all.", "His workmates did not like him to play music.", "He went on with his further study.", "He was too busy with his work."], ["worker", "pianist", "singer", "basketball player"], ["He wanted to tell us that he is successful both in work and life.", "He wanted to tell us to develop our potential talent instead of busying ourselves with our work only.", "He wanted to tell us that the concert is very important to his life.", "He wanted to tell us that he was very welcome in his company."], ["Because he lost his job.", "Because his salary was too low.", "Because he wanted to became a famous artist.", "Because he was inspired by his workmate."]], "questions": ["What did the author do in his spare time?", "After graduation, why did the author waste his music talent?", "According to the passage, the author is not only a successful architect but also a good   _  .", "What is the author's aim in writing this passage?", "Why did the author have himself trained on piano?"], "article": "I am not just a successful architect . I also like to play the piano. In my spare time I often turn some dry musical symbols into beautiful music.\nMany years ago, while I was in a university studying architecture, I worked in a workshop. During the break I found an old piano in the corner of the room. With the allowance of the boss I sat down to have a try. Following my fingers the keys danced brilliantly and at the same time beautiful music flew out and then to every part of the room. All my workmates suddenly stopped talking and made their ears ready for my music.\nAfter graduation, I began to devote myself to my profession. All my musical talent was wasted into zero. Then one evening we went to a concert at which Mr. Stevenson, one of the ordinary workers in my company, sang us some beautiful songs. His musical talents made us all surprised. We all enjoyed ourselves with his beautiful voice so much that we even thought him a professional singer. I was also reminded of my musical talent.\nI began to train in a training center. My teacher was strict with me. He encouraged me to train every weekend and each time he asked me to play better than the last. Now I can proudly say I am also a successful pianist because every time I played on the stage fresh flowers and warm clapping would come from my audience. So I say, my friends, don't busy yourself with your work too much. Find some time to develop your potential talent  and your life will become more wonderful.", "id": "high1307.txt"}