{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "D"], "options": [["warn him of the danger of being killed", "reveal the names of the conspirators", "protect the House of Lords", "report the plot to the authorities"], ["40", "4", "36", "13"], ["He wrote a letter to his relative in the authorities.", "He was imprisoned and hanged.", "He was responsible for lighting the fuses.", "He was shot dead in the fight."], ["tell how a British family tradition developed", "disclose the severe struggle among the British politicians", "inform the readers of the cruelty of King James I", "describe one event in the British history"]], "questions": ["Francis Tresham wrote the letter to his relative to  _  .", "According to the passage, the total number of people involved in the plot is  _  .", "What can we learn about Robert Catesby?", "The writer wrote the passage in order to   _  ."], "article": "The Gunpowder Plot was conspiracy   to kill King James I, as well as the members of the House of Lords and Commons at the re-opening of Parliament. It was designed by a group of Catholics in protest against the anti-Catholic laws that were being introduced by the king.\nRobert Catesby was the leader of the group. It was he and his cousin, Thomas Wintour, and two other friends, Thomas Percy and John Wright, who formed the center of the group. They were joined by nine more men; among them was Guy Fawkes, from the city of York in the north of England.\nFawkes found a store room directly under the House of Lords and rented it out under the false name of John Johnson. The conspirators stored thirty-six barrels of gunpowder there, and Fawkes, who was an explosives expert, was to light the fuses   on 5th November 1605.\nThe plot failed because one of the conspirators, Francis Tresham, sent a letter to his relative, who was a member of the House of Lords. The letter warned him not to attend the opening ceremony of Parliament. The letter was passed on to the authorities, who took action.\nGuy Fawkes was found in the cellar on the night of 4th November with the thirty-six barrels and a number of fuses. He was imprisoned and ill-treated, eventually giving away the names of the conspirators.\nSoldiers of the king surrounded Holbeach House, in the Midlands, where they knew the conspirators to be hiding. In the fight that followed, four of them were shot dead, including Catesby and Percy, who were actually killed by the same bullet. The others were imprisoned and hanged along with Guy Fawkes on 31st January 1606.\nThese days, on 5th November, children all over Britain celebrate Guy Fawkes Night by building huge bonfires and lighting fireworks. It's a family tradition and an occasion to eat potatoes baked by the flames. There is always a 'guy' on top of the fire, a model of Guy Fawkes, dressed in the clothes of the 17th century.", "id": "high13445.txt"}