{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["in China and other Asian countries", "by Vietnamese-American families", "all over the world except Vietnam", "across the United States"], ["eat moon cakes", "buy lanterns for children", "take part in contests", "buy a carp"], ["Family get-togethers.", "Children and education.", "Relaxation and fun in the middle of the year.", "Parents having more time with their children."], ["children like listening to them in the evening", "they want to show their love for their children", "they want to encourage their children to work hard", "they want to make up for lost time"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that Tet-Trung-Thu is celebrated   _  .", "In both Vietnam and China, during the Mid-Autumn Festival, people would   _  .", "What is the focus of the Mid-Autumn Festival in Vietnam?", "The parents tell their children folk stories because   _  ."], "article": "In Vietnam, Tet-Trung-Thu, or the Mid-Autumn Festival, is one of the most popular family holidays. It is held on the 15th day of the 8th lunar month.\nVietnamese families plan their activities around their children on this special day. In a Vietnamese folk story, parents were working so hard to prepare for the harvest that they left the children playing by themselves. To make up for that time, the parents would use the Mid-Autumn Festival as a chance to show their love and thanks for their children.\nAs a result, the Mid-Autumn Festival is also called the Children's Festival. In the United States, this tradition continues in many Vietnamese-American families. Activities are often centered on children and education. Parents buy lanterns for their children so that they can take part in a candle and lantern parade at dawn. Lanterns mean brightness, while the parade means success in school. Vietnamese markets sell a variety of lanterns, but the most popular children's lantern is the star lantern. Other children's activities include arts and crafts in which children make face masks and lanterns. Children also perform traditional Vietnamese dances for adults and take part in contests for prizes. Unicorn   dancers are also very popular.\nLike Chinese people, Vietnamese parents tell their children folk stories and serve moon cakes and other special treats under the bright moon. A favorite folk story is about a carp   that wanted to become a dragon. The carp worked and worked and finally changed itself into a dragon. Parents use this story to encourage their children to work hard so that they can become whatever they want to be.", "id": "high13531.txt"}