{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["delay tasks", "work hard", "seek help", "accept failure"], ["Writing essays in strict order.", "Building up physical strength.", "Leaving out the toughest ideas.", "Dealing with the hardest task first."], ["Before starting a difficult task.", "When all the solutions fail.", "If the job is rather boring.", "After finding a way out."], ["ignore mental problems", "get some nice sleep", "gain complete relief", "find the right solution"], ["Success Is Built upon Failure", "How to Handle Performance Fatigue", "Getting over Fatigue: A Way to Success", "Fatigue: An Early Sign of Health Problems"]], "questions": ["People with start-up fatigue are most likely to  .", "What does the author recommend doing to prevent start-up fatigue?", "On what occasion does a person probably suffer from performance fatigue?", "According to the author, the unconscious mind may help us  .", "What could be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Failure is probably the most exhausting experience a person ever has. There is nothing more tiring than not succeeding.\nWe experience this tiredness in two ways: as start-up fatigue  and performance fatigue. In the former case, we keep putting off a task because it has either too boring or too difficult. And the longer we delay it, the more tired we feel.\nSuch start-up fatigue is very real, even if not actually physical, not something in our muscles and bones. The solution is obvious though perhaps not easy to apply: always handle the most difficult job first.\nYears ago, I was asked to write 102 essays on the great ideas of some famous authors. Applying my own rule, I determined to write them in alphabetical , never letting myself leave out a tough idea. And I always started the day's work with the difficult task of essay-writing. Experience proved that the rule works.\nPerformance fatigue is more difficult to handle. Though willing to get started, we cannot seem to do the job right. Its difficulties appear so great that, however hard we work, we fail again and again. In such a situation, I work as hard as I can-then let the unconscious take over.\nWhen planning Encyclopaedia Britannica (<<>> ), I had to create a table of contents based on the topics of its articles. Nothing like this had ever been done before, and day after dat I kept coming up with solutions, but none of them worked. My fatigue became almost unbearable.\nOne day, mentally exhausted, I wrote down all the reasons why this problem could not be solved. I tried to convince myself that the trouble was with the problem itself, not with me. Relived, I sat back in an easy chair and fell asleep.\nAn hour later, I woke up suddenly with the solution clearly in mind. In the weeks that followed, the solution which had come up in my unconscious mind provided correct at every step. Though I worked as hard as before, I felt no fatigue. Success was now as exciting as failure had been depressing.\nHuman beings, I believe must try to succeed. Success, then, means never feeling tired.", "id": "high13732.txt"}