{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["man's first step", "much easier and even more interesting", "for more exciting and dangerous", "man's final aim"], ["Mars is nearer to the earth than the moon.", "The moon is much nearer to the earth than Mars.", "Of all the planets, Mars is the nearest to the earth.", "All the planets are much farther to the earth than the moon."], ["the same pressure as we get on earth", "much too hot surface", "normal atmosphere as we have on earth", "Both A and C"], ["the only home of man will be the earth for a long time", "the dream to find another home for man will come true", "no other planets are to take the place of the earth", "everything needed is provided by the earth"]], "questions": ["Based on the passage, traveling to the planets will be   _  .", "Which of the following is Not true?", "Man can live in a place under the conditions of   _  .", "Scientists think we should take care of our earth because    _  ."], "article": "Man has been to the moon. It has been the first step towards future exploration in space. When compared with the distances between Earth and the other planets, the distance between the Moon and Earth is very short indeed. Mars, the nearest planet to Earth is millions of miles away! Traveling to the planets will be man's next step. Such travels will be more challenging than the trip to the moon and certainly more exciting and dangerous. Recently, two American spaceships, Viking 1 and 2, landed on Mars trying to discover whether that planet has any life on it. So far the signs of life on Mars has neither been confirmed nor ruled out  . Russians have discovered that the surface of Venus is so hot that it is almost certain that there is no life there. Also the atmosphere of Venus is extremely dense and the pressure is nearly a hundred times greater than that of the Earth's atmosphere. Scientists believe man may find planets which have the same conditions as those we have on Earth, but man should realize Earth will be his only home for a long time and begin to love and care for it.", "id": "high14042.txt"}