{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["She was seriously injured in a car crash.", "She lost her daughter in a road accident.", "She broke the traffic rules at a bus stop", "Her vehicle was destroyed by a motorbike."], ["Blues' lack of driving experience", "the motorist's failure of seeing the stop sign", "Blues' poor car conditions", "the motorist's absence of mind while driving"], ["to forbid the carrying of cell phones in cars", "to educate drivers to avoid all distractions", "to ban talking on cell phones while driving", "to study harmful results of using cell phones"], ["Using cell phones while driving is easier to be controlled by law than other distractions", "It is more important to make laws than educate drivers to be aware of driving safety.", "Driving while on the cell phone is firmly against only by some students from high schools.", "It is extremely urgent for the cities with a large population to restrict using cell phones"]], "questions": ["What happened to Patricia Blues on November 2, 2007?", "The tragedy was caused by   _  .", "Patricia Blues' new goal of life is to persuade the government   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "Patricia Blues, 29, has a new aim in life: to keep drivers' hands on their steering wheels and off their cell phones. On November 2, 2007, Blues lived through a horrible experience. A motorist dialing a cell phone drove through a stop sign at 45 miles per hour and ran into the side of Blues' car. Blues' 2-year-old daughter was killed immediately in the crash.\nBlues has since devoted her time top pushing for laws that would prevent this type of tragedy from happening again.\nCell phones are not the only distractions  that cause accidents. Eating, changing CDs, reading maps, talking to passengers, and just reaching for an object on the floor can be dangerous. Therefore, the emphasis should be on educating drivers to avoid all distractions. However, talking on cell phones might be easier to regulate than eating or changing music. At least 34 states have already passed laws to restrict cell phone use in moving cars. No state has banned it yet, but several US. cities. Worldwide, 13 nations, including Australia, England, Germany, Japan and China have banned drivers' use of cell phones in moving cars.\nTo date, no scientific evidence has been published showing that talking on the phone affects driving safety. But according to a test by some high school students, \"driving while on the phone does affect safety and probably shouldn't be done\".", "id": "high14062.txt"}