{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Because he was now searching a different suitcase.", "His own blood test report has changed into an old woman's.", "An old woman had put her savings into his suitcase.", "He was facing things that did not belong to himself."], ["No one. He caught the thief all by himself.", "The driver with several other people.", "Some policemen.", "The thief came back and gave back the suitcase to him."], ["The young man was a born thief.", "The young man couldn't afford to pay for his old mother's medical treatment.", "The young man's mother asked him to do so.", "Young people are likely to steal when they are poor."], ["to describe what hate and love are like", "to entertain the readers with an interesting story", "to impress the readers with an interesting story", "to encourage the readers to help him find the thief"]], "questions": ["Why was the writer dumbfounded when he opened his suitcase?", "Who helped the writer catch the thief?", "What was one of the reasons for the young man to steal in the writer's opinion?", "The major purpose for the writer to write this passage is   _  ."], "article": "I'd just got in a taxi at the railway station when suddenly I found one of my suitcases missing. Just then, I saw a young fellow about 30 walking away with it, opening it and drawing out the valuables. \"Stop thief! Stop thief!\" I shouted and threw open the car door and rushed out to him, followed by the driver and half a dozen passers-by. Very soon the thief was cornered at the turn of the road. My driver caught the thief by the neck and put his hand into his trouser pocket, drawing out money, credit card, telephone book and so on and put them back into my suitcase.\nHalf an hour later, the car was running at full speed on the express highway. I sat back and breathed a long sigh of relief  . But as I pulled out those stolen things from the suitcase and started to check them, I became dumbfounded  . Before my eyes were 200 yuan instead of 100. And a blood test report of a 58-year-old woman appeared. I suddenly realized that the taxi driver must have mistaken the thief's belongs and put his into my suitcase. The pitiful and begging look of the poor young man flashed across my mind again. My heart began to sink.\nTwo years has passed since then. But this event keeps coming back to me. Was the young man a habitual robber or a dutiful son who had been driven to desperation   to find money to save his mother's life? My heart aches for him. How I wish I had gone back that summer afternoon to return the 200 yuan and say sorry to him. For the first time in my life, I realized that hate and love are very close.", "id": "high1445.txt"}